Update foyer documentation (#415)
mosdef-hub/foyer: docs/source/topic_guides/ffapply.rst

Applying a force field
======================

The main method you will use in **foyer** is the
``Forcefield.apply()`` method. There are a few important arguments
you should understand.

The first several are the ``assert_bond_params``
``assert_angle_params``, ``assert_dihedral_params``, and
``assert_improper_params``. These arguments require that the
supplied force field has parameters for every bond, angle, dihedral,
and improper in the system. In most cases, if you get an error,
it means that your force field is missing parameters for one of the
bonds/angles/dihedrals/impropers in the system. This could be
because the parameters are missing or because the atom-typing
(i.e., the SMARTS strings) are incorrect. These arguments are ``True`` by default,
with the exception of ``insert_improper_params``. In all cases, it
is wise to verify that the final files you generate have the expected
number of bonds/angles/dihedrals/impropers for your system.

The other important optional argument is the ``combining_rule`` option,

> which is ``"geometric"`` by default. The other valid option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is ``"lorentz"`` (Lorentz-Berthelot) by default. The other valid option
```

As of #433

> is ``"lorentz"``, if your force field uses Lorentz-Berthelot combining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is ``"geometric"``, if your force field uses geometric combining
```

Applying a force field
======================

The main method you will use in **foyer** is the
``Forcefield.apply()`` method. There are a few important arguments
you should understand.

The first several are the ``assert_bond_params``
``assert_angle_params``, ``assert_dihedral_params``, and
``assert_improper_params``. These arguments require that the
supplied force field has parameters for every bond, angle, dihedral,
and improper in the system. In most cases, if you get an error,
it means that your force field is missing parameters for one of the
bonds/angles/dihedrals/impropers in the system. This could be
because the parameters are missing or because the atom-typing
(i.e., the SMARTS strings) are incorrect. These arguments are ``True`` by default,

> with the exception of ``insert_improper_params``. In all cases, it

Reviewer: `insert_improper_params` is the name of the function argument, so it is correct in this case. I think we can leave these as-is, since parameters is a bit verbose.

> with the exception of ``insert_improper_params``. In all cases, it

Author: Nice catch @CalCraven . @justinGilmer what are you talking about?

> with the exception of ``insert_improper_params``. In all cases, it

Reviewer: my bad, I completely missed the assert vs insert part of the typo. Ignore me :)
